c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject.g.resources
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\bin\Debug\ContactsTestProject.exe
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\bin\Debug\ContactsTestProject.pdb
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject.exe
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject.pdb
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\bin\Debug\Contacts.xml
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject_Content.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactView.baml
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactsListView.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactView.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\ContactsTestProject_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactsListView.baml
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactsEditView.baml
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactEditDialog.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactsEditView.g.cs
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\View\ContactEditDialog.baml
c:\users\akram\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContactsTestProject\ContactsTestProject\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
